First setup of README.md (#1)
mediamonks/frontend-coding-standards: README.md

 * `prop` or `props` for property or properties
 * `ref` for reference
 * `temp` for temporary
 * `ui` for user interface
 * `util` or `utils` for utility or utilities, as in `StringUtils`

#### Plural or singular?

##### Classes, Interfaces, Types and Enums
Should always have a **singular** name, unless the object is only used to hold other values and these other value are more important then the object itself, like `Props`, `Settings` or `Options`. For example: `MyComponentProps`, `ProductionSettings` or `CalendarOptions`.

##### Arrays
Or other kind of lists should have a plural name or end with `List` or `Collection`, like `userList`.

##### Folders
If a folder holds multiple files, but all related to one main type, it should have a singular name. If it holds multiple main files of a type, it should have a plural name.

For example, the folder `page` contains a single page, with maybe some helper files. The folder `pages` contains multiple pages.   

#### Functions
Prefer using a verb as a name to indicate it will do something. Like `render` or `open`.

#### Classes, variables, properties, etc.
All non-functions should have a noun as a name, not a verb.

#### Booleans

> Should start with `is`, `has`, `will` or `should`. Like `isValid` or `hasValues`.

Author: With https://github.com/typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint/blob/master/packages/eslint-plugin/docs/rules/naming-convention.md it is possible to enforce this with a linting rule. However I noticed that this will cause a lot of issues especially with other libraries.

Abbreviations that are part of the HTML, CSS and/or JavaScript API are allowed, like:
 * `URL` for Uniform Resource Locator
 * `URI` for Uniform Resource Identifier
 * `src` for source
 * `DOM` for Document Object Model
 * `img` for image
 
You should only use these abbreviations within the same context. So only use `img` if you refer to an HTML Image Tag. (`<img>`)

We have standardized on a few abbreviations that are allowed to use:
 * `app` for application
 * `args` for arguments
 * `auto` for automatic, as in `autoLayout`
 * `bin` for binary
 * `fps` for frames per second
 * `id` for identifier. Please note that 'd' should be written in lowercase when used in combination with an other word, like `userId`.
 * `info` for information, as in `GridRowInfo`
 * `init` for initialize
 * `lib` for library
 * `max` for maximum, as in `maxHeight`
 * `min` for minimum, as in `minWidth`
 * `param` for parameter
 * `params` for parameters
 * `ref` for reference

>  * `regExp` for regular expression, as in `RegExpValidator`

Author: `RegExp` is part of the JavaScript API and can be removed from this list or moved to the other list

 * `temp` for temporary
 * `ui` for user interface
 * `util` or `utils` for utility or utilities, as in `StringUtils`

> 

Reviewer: Should we add `prop` and `props` to the list of abbreviations as well?

Author: Yes, I will add it

#### Plural or singular?

##### Classes
When you would instantiate or type the class it must have singular name, also for enums.

> When you should not instantiate the class, it should have a plural name.

Reviewer 2: Wondering why you would ever make class if you won't ever instantiate it? :D If it's just for the statics, just use normal functions. (unless you want to go full OOP for the sake of OOP)

Author: Good point. I will rephrase this.

##### Arrays

> or other kind of lists should have a plural name or end with `List`, like `userList`.

Reviewer 3: I like more the word "Collection", for me the word List is a bit miselading because in some languages an array and a list are different things. I know this is Javascript but I think it doesn't hurt that much to use the word "Collection"

Author: I like the word `Collection` too. So we could add that option too.

However this could also be misleading because of the same reason. "Collection" means something in some languages. :-)

Reviewer 2: MDN talks about [indexed](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Indexed_collections) and [keyed](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Keyed_collections) **Collections** (array, object, map, set), so I don't think it would be that confusing.

Reviewer 2: Although, in most cases it could be beneficial to be a bit more specific, for example:

* `userMap` implies that it's a keyed map, possible by `id`, to make lookup easier.
* `userList` implies that it is a list, and there is some order to it, and you can directly iterate over the values.
* `users` is also just fine in certain context where there is no ambiguity.

##### Folders
If a folder holds multiple files, but all related to one main type, it should have a singular name. If it holds multiple main files of a type, it should have a plural name.

> For example, the folder `page` contains a single page, with maybe some helper files. The folder `pages` contains multiple pages.   

Reviewer 4: config(uration) is already an umbrella/summation term on its own, it is conceptually not limited to a single entity, so it would (imo) only need to be plural if you have configuration-files for multiple 'configured things'.

> For example, the folder `page` contains a single page, with maybe some helper files. The folder `pages` contains multiple pages.   

Author: If a folder has the name `config` or `configurations` would mean that there is just one configuration, but (maybe) described in multiple files.

If a folder has the name `configurations` it means that there are multiple configurations in that folder and that it is (maybe) possible to switch.

So I think there is a big difference here in using a plural or singular name.

#### Functions
Prefer using a verb as a name to indicate it will do something. Like `render` or `open`.

#### Classes, variables, properties, etc.
All non-functions should have a noun as a name, not a verb.

#### Booleans
Should start with `is`, `has`, `will` or `should`. Like `isValid` or `hasValues`.

#### Always Affirmative
Avoid negations. _“Don’t ever not avoid negative logic”_. Prefer `isShown` over `isHidden` or `isEnabled` over `isDisabled`. Do not use names like `notEditable`.

#### Casing

##### Classes, Interfaces & Types

> Are written in Pascal Case naming (start with a capital, the rest camelcase), no underscores, no dashes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Are written in PascalCase naming (start with a capital, the rest camelcase), no underscores, no dashes.
```

## Comments
#### Documentation comments
Reconsider if your code really needs comments. Code should be self explaining. Code that needs comments is probably bad.

#### Regular Expressions
Since regular expressions can be hard to read, they should have a comment that indicate what they do. Especially when they are complex.

#### Commented out code
Don't leave commented out code into project. You can always find it back in the version control system. If for some reason you want to keep commented out code in the project, add a comment explaining why it is commented out.

#### TODO
If something needs to be changed or refactored later, add a `// TODO ` comment to indicate what the issue is.

## TypeScript
Use TypeScript in strict mode and do not allow native JavaScript. Therefore everything must be typed. It’s not needed to type something when TypeScript can resolve the type.

#### Access Modifiers
Keep your code as strict as possible, so keep all functions and properties `private` unless they have to be `protected` or `public`.

#### Readonly
In order to be as strict as possible, every property should be set to readonly unless it should writable.

#### Arrays

> Always prefer `ReadonlyArray` over a regular `Array` unless it must be possible to modify the Array.

Reviewer 5: I see that we're referring to arrays using the `Array` interface. In most popular languages the `T[]` notation is used for arrays, this type notation is also supported in TypeScript. A `ReadonlyArray<T>` can be created by using the `readonly` keyword since [Typescript  3.4 was released (march 2019)](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/release-notes/typescript-3-4.html#improvements-for-readonlyarray-and-readonly-tuples). The `T[]`  notation is also a little shorter 😇.

```typescript
T[] // Mutable array
readonly T[] // Immutable array

// We cannot assign a new value to the variable or push new elements into the array
const myArray: readonly number[] = []; 

// We can assign a new array to the variable, we cannot push new elements into the array
let myArray: readonly number[] = [];

class MyClass {
  // We cannot assign a new value to the variable or push new elements into the array
  private readonly myProperty: readonly number[] = [];

  // We can assign a new array to the variable, we cannot push new elements into the arrayprivate 
  private myProperty: readonly number[] = [];
}
```

Typescript actually interprets the `Array<T>` and `ReadonlyArray<T>` as `T[]` and `readonly T[]`.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5376407/83916019-bac8fb00-a774-11ea-9bc2-efc75228a4ef.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5376407/83915975-9bca6900-a774-11ea-8db2-60f450a9ad63.png)

The `[]` notation also allows us to create Tuple types.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5376407/83914594-d088f100-a771-11ea-8564-98ac3e072106.png)

Author: I personally don't like the `MyType[]` notation for Array's for 2 reasons:
- Consistency. `Array` is just a generic type, and all (other) generic types are typed using `<MyType>`
- `MyType[]` is easily confused with `[MyType]`, which is also valid TypeScript. But `[MyType]` means that this is an Array (with a length of 1) and where only the first element is typed.

Author: So you should use the `[MyType, MyOtherType]` for tuples, not for Array's.

Reviewer 2: I'm a sucker for Consistency, so personally I like to use **generics** everywhere the same:
```ts
let a: Array<string>;
let s: Set<string>;
let o: Record<string, number>;
let m: Map<string, number>;
let t: [string, string]; // the odd one

let a: string[]; // meh
```

`readonly` (type modifier) only works on those two below. If we ever get a ReadonlySet, it might also start woking on that.
```ts
let a: ReadonlyArray<string>;
let t: Readonly<[string, string]>;

// vs
let a: readonly string[];
let t: readonly [string, string];
```

Even though it's nice syntactic sugar for people already using the other shorthands, it can be confusing with `readonly` on class properties, which work as a _modifier_ (changing the binding, not the type), so you would have to use both: `readonly s: readonly string[];`

In general, even though `[]` is sorter compared to `Array<>`, I like the generic for 2 other reasons:
* It's easier to see the difference between the single string, and an array of strings
* It focusses on the important part of the type (it being an `Array`), that there are strings inside is less relevant for what you want to do with it.

Fun fact, in TS before generics, using `[]` was the only way to annotate arrays. So we deliberately switched over to start using generic syntax consistently.

Author: Good point. Especially if you should call the Generic type `T` or not.

Author: I also wonder if we should add a linting rule that forbids the usages of a one length Tuple (`[MyType]`), since this is barely used and a frequently made mistake if you actually wanted to write a regular Array. Especially in project with GraphQL, since `[MyType]` is how you define an Array in GraphlQL

Reviewer 2: Can't hurt to add it, and remove it later if it turns out there are indeed quite some use cases.

Author: I created an issue for this #19

TypeScript only

####. jsx
JavaScript with React JSX syntax. If a file has the .jsx extension, it must contain React code.

####. tsx
TypeScript with React JSX syntax. If a file has the .tsx extension, it must contain React code.

## Coding
Every function or class should do **one thing** (and do it good). If it needs to do more than one thing, split it up. Keep your files, classes and functions small. It’s okay to have a file with just a single line.

#### Pure functions
Prefer writing pure functions, which means they do not manipulate the input arguments or reference/manipulate global state. This makes your code better scalable and testable.

#### Separate Logic From Configuration
Write code that is reusable, scalable and testable.

#### Do not repeat yourself (DRY)
* Do not copy code to another place.
* Avoid using the same string twice in a project.
* Move shared logic to a shared place.
* Make sure you do not have to adapt changes on multiple places.

#### Do not use Magic Numbers
See https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Magic_number_(programming)

## Formatting
All code within a project should have the same formatting. To enforce that we use [Prettier](https://prettier.io/).

> ## Comments

Reviewer 2: what about something like;
> if you're new to the project, or piece of code; when going over it, and trying to understand it, add explanatory comments on things that took you some time to figure out.

When you write code, it's hard to judge what is clear, and what is not.
But if you're new to the code, you're better equipped to understand what could use some clarification.

In addition, something like;
> When reviewing PRs, and someone asks why something is done a certain way, see if you can answer it with a code comment instead of a reply in the review tool (when applicable).

#### Always Affirmative
Avoid negations. _“Don’t ever not avoid negative logic”_. Prefer `isShown` over `isHidden` or `isEnabled` over `isDisabled`. Do not use names like `notEditable`.

#### TypeScript Generics

> If a Class or Interfaces uses only one generic and the usages of the generic is obvious, then naming that generic `T` is sufficient. If a Class or Interface has more generics or when the usage is not obvious, you should use a more descriptive name. The same naming rules as for classes will apply then. 

Reviewer 2: Even if more than 1, you can continue `T`, with `U`, `V`, etc, as long as it's clear enough.

Reviewer 4: I started out on a library with many generic parameters and writing descriptive param names which became very, very verbose rather quickly. It also introduced name collisions fast because if you want to extend a generic param type, it makes sense to want to then use the same name, i.e.; `<SomeType extends SomeType>`. 

What I’ve then found is when param ambiguity becomes an issue, it's likely because its type is not so generic after all, and you should have it extend another type, this has the added benefit of being more type safe, and it labels the param, making it more clear what it represents, i.e.: `<T extends SomeType>`, now it is clear `T` represents `SomeType`.

> If a Class or Interfaces uses only one generic and the usages of the generic is obvious, then naming that generic `T` is sufficient. If a Class or Interface has more generics or when the usage is not obvious, you should use a more descriptive name. The same naming rules as for classes will apply then. 

Reviewer 2: Generic also apply to `functions/methods` and `types`, not only to `classes` and `interfaces`.

Author: Yes, you are right. I will update that

> If a Class or Interfaces uses only one generic and the usages of the generic is obvious, then naming that generic `T` is sufficient. If a Class or Interface has more generics or when the usage is not obvious, you should use a more descriptive name. The same naming rules as for classes will apply then. 

Reviewer 2: How about prefixing generic names with a `T`? E.g. `<TKey, TValue>`

I'm not a fan, it's similar to how we don't do that with Interfaces (anymore) (right?).

Author: I don't like prefixing. And there is also no need for it.

Reviewer 2: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/programming-guide/generics/generic-type-parameters

Some have different opinions, just throwing it out here :) (they also do the interface prefix :P)
